Added 2 very short notes in intro-to-css about no leading digits (#29863)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/css-foundations/intro-to-css.md

}
```

> Note the syntax for class selectors: a period immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the class attribute (the selector will not work if the class name begins with a digit, e.g. .4lert-text will not select an element even if it has the class 4lert-text - for now, just avoid leading digits in class selector names). Classes aren't required to be specific to a particular element, so you can use the same class on as many elements as you want.

Reviewer: Code blocks make it easier to differentiate any bits of code from the surrounding text (and in some other cases, prevents formatting errors due to special characters used in code)
```suggestion
Note the syntax for class selectors: a period immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the class attribute (the selector will not work if the class name begins with a digit, e.g. `.4lert-text` will not select an element even if it has the class `4lert-text` - for now, just avoid leading digits in class selector names). Classes aren't required to be specific to a particular element, so you can use the same class on as many elements as you want.
```

> Note the syntax for class selectors: a period immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the class attribute (the selector will not work if the class name begins with a digit, e.g. .4lert-text will not select an element even if it has the class 4lert-text - for now, just avoid leading digits in class selector names). Classes aren't required to be specific to a particular element, so you can use the same class on as many elements as you want.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think this might work better as a note box after the paragraph. Parentheticals are great for short asides, but this one’s fairly long - almost a third of the paragraph - so it starts to interrupt the flow a bit.

Author: Hi, done.

```

Note the syntax for class selectors: a period immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the class attribute. Classes aren't required to be specific to a particular element, so you can use the same class on as many elements as you want.

> Class selectors won’t work if the class name begins with a number. For example, if you give an element the class name `.4lert-text`, using `.4lert-text` as a selector won’t match it.

Reviewer 2: Nit: We'll need this styled as a note box - please see the [Note boxes](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md#note-boxes) section on our Layout style guide on how to do that.

You can use our [Markdown preview tool](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/preview) to verify the markup is correct.

Author: I thought this did it, and I previewed before submittin, let me look again.
> this
> was
> how

> >The selector will not work if the class name begins with a digit, e.g. `.4lert-text` will not select an element even if it has the class `4lert-text` - for now, just avoid leading digits in class selector names.

Reviewer 2: We use specific markup to render note boxes on the site - you can find the details in the [notes section](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md#note-boxes) of our style guide.

> >The selector will not work if the class name begins with a digit, e.g. `.4lert-text` will not select an element even if it has the class `4lert-text` - for now, just avoid leading digits in class selector names.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think this can be reworded a little to make it clearer:

```suggestion
Class selectors won’t work if the class name begins with a number. For example, if you give an element the class name `.4lert-text`, using `.4lert-text` as a selector won’t match it.
```

}
```

> For IDs, instead of a period, we use a hashtag immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the ID attribute (Note: Like with class selectors, you cannot begin your ID selectors with a digit, e.g. if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector `#7itle` will not select it). A common pitfall is people overusing the ID attribute when they don't necessarily need to, and when classes will suffice. While there are cases where using an ID makes sense or is needed, such as taking advantage of specificity or having links redirect to a section on the current page, you should use IDs **sparingly** (if at all).

Reviewer 2: Nit: Same thing here - since the sentence starts with “Note:”, it’d probably be clearer as a proper note box. Just helps it stand out a bit more 🙂

Author: Hi, done.

```

For IDs, instead of a period, we use a hashtag immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the ID attribute. A common pitfall is people overusing the ID attribute when they don't necessarily need to, and when classes will suffice. While there are cases where using an ID makes sense or is needed, such as taking advantage of specificity or having links redirect to a section on the current page, you should use IDs **sparingly** (if at all).

> >Like with class selectors, you cannot begin your ID selectors with a digit, e.g. if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector  `#7itle` will not select it.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Rewording for clarity and consistency with the previous note:

```suggestion
Just like class selectors, ID selectors can’t start with a number. For example, if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector `#7itle` won’t work - it’s not a valid CSS selector.
```

> Just like class selectors, ID selectors can’t start with a number. For example, if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector `#7itle` won’t work - it’s not a valid CSS selector.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Same here with styling as a note box.

For IDs, instead of a period, we use a hashtag immediately followed by the case-sensitive value of the ID attribute. A common pitfall is people overusing the ID attribute when they don't necessarily need to, and when classes will suffice. While there are cases where using an ID makes sense or is needed, such as taking advantage of specificity or having links redirect to a section on the current page, you should use IDs **sparingly** (if at all).

> <div class="lesson-note" markdown="1">Just like class selectors, ID selectors can’t start with a number. For example, if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector `#7itle` won’t work - it’s not a valid CSS selector.

Reviewer 2: Nit: note contents on a newline please:

```suggestion
<div class="lesson-note" markdown="1">
Just like class selectors, ID selectors can’t start with a number. For example, if you give an element the ID `7itle`, the selector `#7itle` won’t work - it’s not a valid CSS selector.
```
